oftentimes
people observe near the resort and from this with the west
during the morning and saw owen is to grow
a very bright star
for this star they call it a star of dawn but will that
really is a star
keep an eye on is starting another observatory
in fact it is not a star but all the planet Venus
the ancient Greeks believed that they had conquered two planets
to the dawn
they called it sales the goddess of beauty and by nightfall called it
eve the evening star
but then with the passage of time they realized that it was a doll
planet
and remained the name of what we owe the goddess of beauty but must
to rule planet does not have to have anything
here's how your
venetian surface surfaces
here it is
since it does not have a beautiful atmosphere like the earth because it is because
this atmosphere formed of approximately 98% of
carbon and about 2% of other cases since it is not possible to live
winters
Besides that
the temperature in paris
too hot
Venus is a warmer planet from solar systems with the temperature at
get what is
to 462 degree celsius
its translation movement
its revolves around the sun and about 225 days pr
has a rotation movement is something very special
see here we indicate with negative sign
this means that to have a retrograde movement
or in contrast to the movement of the earth
then the voting moves within its own axis is well minus 243 days
terrestrial
in addition his equatorial father
approximately six thousand and fifty kilometers, that is the average
sun is indecent 8 million 208 thousand nine hundred and thirty kilometers
more or less on the 30th day since 81 a space probe for wine was sent to
probe revere 13 and it came to land on the surface - rihanna on March 1
but for now there was not much time left
why this probe worsens 3 ended up giving in and having the intense heat of
wines not only is the ca'doro something predominant on this planet but there
it also rains
but it's a rain
aids
therefore it is not possible to live on the Venus planet
- then with its greenhouse effect in the world
very intense the solar rays to penetrate through the thick clouds of the
Venus planet and over there
can not get out
and so is the heat
I run to get an idea imagine that we have a car but if you
is inside a car in a desert
here in brazil so we can understand a little better
But you're in a car on a day, yes, no, noon, at the beach.
It's too hot there, and all the windows in the car
I do not care about air conditioning
and you will be fine
It's good to heat up a lot because the sun's rays will not
car
and will never get the title in.
is more or less what happens there on the planet Venus because of the fans
thick clouds
is the greenhouse effect
so here
observatory
we leave the message of preservation of planet earth
because if we do not take care of the planet earth it could be a Venus planet
an intense greenhouse and rather rain artist
if you have any questions any suggestions
send an email to us a mega-action name with aval of climatempo porto com
br br
it was expected
in the next he observed thoró until there
/P